okay what is it about this team really
don't know I keep saying I sound like a
broken record we can we got close games
I was yeah we are but snow bridge the
loom and close the gang gets the closer
this changes
can be there play the game quite like
that with authenticity but you know we
would plan an excellent team in arkansas
and they were capable of scoring in d
play and you know we just had to be
patient off of the side of bar because
we knew that we have a good defense at
hand and you know once they find out and
once they get an groove of things no
they were they would take care of the
task if you feel like you guys are
unstoppable unstoppable i want to say
that i just say if we we got a great
great bunch of coaches and you know game
planning is something that they live and
die about you know coaches don't go home
it's about 33 in the morning and you
know the coaches my house can pass for
that but that's that's hard work and you
know our job is to just execute and do
what the coaches tell us to do we feel
if we do that I think it's the only
success going to be down the road in the
trunk very good to get about that one do
not do you feel like all the play got
the store w out there oh just wanted to
know execute to keep going back to
executing and nobody i want to put
ourselves in uncomfortable situations
you know the third Alone's obvious pat
downs or whatnot you know just a penalty
can just stab the office in the heart so
we just try to put ourselves in the best
situation possible can't be feel like
you have to carry theme on your back
sometimes
I think I have the ability to get myself
and team out of trouble but it was very
evident tonight that you not only me
running the ball you know the whole
running back court had an excellent game
you see my dog break up a big one you
see Mario Tennis our runner with purpose
and all you know all the harder goes to
to the Dolphins line the names don't get
get mentioned about anita li simple
Brandon Mosley Byron ISIL Brian pew and
that might bury those guys come in every
single day don't complain don't do
nothing but they just do their job ever
since they took that challenge you know
early in the season you know that really
haven't looked at you broke much in the
second half until they went ahead
there's difference there after you pay
went ahead or just feel like a real
important answer quickly that's just
another thing that's up to the coaches
coach miles on cab to point out to me
that you know we have a bad tendency a
lot of things and we're going to switch
it up this this go around and that just
goes to show you know what this office
is capable of doing we can store and be
successful in so many different ways can
update was it to drive down it and then
at least get a field all right before
the half to kind of take the boat bit
about oh very big anytime you especially
with going against no team like Arkansas
every point matters so today you know we
just wanted to consistently put pressure
on them but at some point and it was
like we don't want to score too fast
because you know it was like a
heavyweight boxing match if I would use
a lot of seven and eight minute plug for
the first
has everyone because they talk about
that oh it's just not some moar pew nose
goes to the offensive line they step up
to the challenge you know and mei mei
chi game plan game plan corrections and
they get after it you're doing people
like things carrying think about the
comparisons and heisman trophy the
trophy for that out the window cheap ugg
comparison I take that integer Tebow as
an excellent person excellent leader
excellent individuals so we compared to
somebody like that not saying that but
we're different with two different
players two different people and she
bows Tim Tebow I just can you pick two
more I didn't feel with a fans and then
jumping up in the sand at the game
balloon whereas came a client let me
explain how good I felt of seeing josh
bynes jump up and catch the football I
didn't need to try him at it okay I
don't really we don't really see that a
lot you know just buys is a heck of a
player this defense you know they had a
lot of times you know it could have
courted the fingers city you know a
shortfall time we do the show fault you
know they did they really didn't do that
if I stepped up to the plate it took
ownership and deal with that
the deal I can't think